Not very numeorus and don't have their own realm. Can be found in nearly any big city. Generally use their shapeshifting abilities for art, be it paintings, music, performance or theater or any other kind of art.
They are very creative and artistic at heart and so they are generally a very welcome sight, albeit not a trusted one.

They are accepted in most realms and in many cities they have bonded together into guilds, where they control the entertainment business in the cities, becoming quite wealthy in the process. With this power, they are also known to stand in for different political movements.
As their abilities are very useful for anything covert, many people try to hire them for such jobs, be it espionage, assassination or else. Not many Changelings take on these jobs, but those that do, have great success in it. Because of this, the people that know about this possibility have the tendency to distrust the Changelings at large.

They Kheios that created them, [[The Shrouded One]], has created them during [[The Primordial Wars]]. As such, they are one of the oldest created races in Kheiossar. The Shrouded One realized that their children need to be adaptable, so they gave them the ability to change their form at will.
Soon thereafter they disappeared or died. The Changelings believe that they never left Kheiossar and is still roaming around, always taking on new forms and watching over their people. Because anyone could be the Shrouded one, the Changelings are generally also rather peaceful and try not to harm people or animals if not necessary.

Changelings look vaguely humanoid, but they are usually larger than other mortals and thin built. Their limbs are longer than their body and give them a very uncanny look. Their faces are pale and long stretched and mostly featureless. The only feature they have is their large, black, beady eyes. When they talk or eat, the lower part of their chin opens up and reveals a mandible-like mouth, which seals shut to form the chin and lower jaw.
Their white porcelain skin is on closer inspection very similar to a chitin carapace, not unlike those of insects. When they transform into another creature, they shed their outer carapace, in order to reveal their new form from underneath. This usually leaves their their shed skin behind, but changeling communities have ways how to reuse those. Onlookers have pointed out how painful this transformation looks, however the changelings themselves do not feel much pain during this transformation.