(Knowledge unknown to any but the ancient races)

Aeons ago, the gods, the true gods, roamed the world. It had a different name then, and so did the gods.
They walked through the nothingness, aimlessly, until they found this world, completely uninhabited, and decided to make it their home. They shaped the world and made it to their liking before creating multiple races to inhabit this young planet. First, they created the [[Primordials]], beautiful and enormous guardians of this new world, each unique in their appearance and abilities. Second where the [[Kheioi]], with the most powerful connection to the [[Kianemos|Weave|]], but greedy and ambitious beyond anything else. And last, they created the [[Jannah]], guardians of wisdom and the elements. Five tribes they were and the five elements they shall guard and protect - Weave, Water, Air, Fire and Earth.

And the world was good. The Kheioi however schemed and plotted the downfall of the gods. They believed with their power, they should be the true rulers of this world. But they knew, the other creations of the Gods will stand in their way, so in a surprising and swift strike, they eradicated the Jannah of the Weave. With the guardians of the Weave out of the way, the Kheioi's mastery over the Weave had no restrictions or limits anymore. So they created their own races to populate the world and displace the rest of the Jannah. Many Jannah died and those that survived fled to inhospitable places, where they still live to this day.

The gods never liked to involve themselves directly in this world of their creation, but they couldn't stand idly by while the Kheioi destroyed their children and everything they worked for. They sent the Primordials against the Kheioi and the war that ensued was long and bloody. Many warriors fell on both sides, but victory could not be won. This was until the Gods themselves decided to step in and fight against their former children. But unbeknownst to them, with this many worshippers gone, they lost much of their power and strength, and more importantly, their immortality. The remaining Kheioi were battle-hardened through the centuries of war and so the gods were slain at their hand one by one, weakening the Primordials even further. The Kheioi finally were able to defeat their enemies, killing most and routing the rest, to flee to the farthest corners of the world, licking their wounds.

But the Kheioi knew that you cannot kill a god through the might of weapons alone. The one way to kill a god is to starve them from their essence - the believe and worship of their followers. And so they systematically eradicated any and all knowledge about the gods they could find and made sure their names were never to be known or spoken again by any living being.